In the course of construction, many queries arise from people involved in various levels of work. These need to be cleared on time to eliminate ambiguity and let people make appropriate decisions. RFIs (Request for information) serves to get clarification from the responsible individuals/organizations and cross the obstructions that occur in their workflow.

 RFI's can arise for various reasons, including but not limited to:

Design coordination - Architects, engineers, owners/developers, etc., get clarifications on the designs, architectural plans, drawings, and other documents.
Construction coordination- Project managers, foremen, etc., get clarifications on procedures, schedules, safety items, and more.
Construction issues - Problems that arise when a contractor feels that the design or a plan from a document is impossible and could not be achieved.
Sequencing - Change of order of activities due to material/resource availability constraints, value engineering, etc.
Design alterations - Whenever there is an improvement or correction in the initial design.
Clarification in design - Project managers or foremen seeking more information for a better understanding of the design in the document.
Material change - Builders' requests for replacement of materials specified in the design document for various reasons, like lack of availability, improvement, value engineering.
Deficiencies in plans or design documents - Errors or omissions in plan drawings, specifications, etc.
Site conditions - The design conflicts with the actual condition and measurements on the site.
Linarc's RFI tool provides a simple communication platform for workers on-site and off-site to exchange queries and clarifications quickly. RFI's can have attachments like plan markups, PDF documents, photographs, etc., for better explanations of the questions and the clarifications. They are routed between the general contractor, subcontractors, architects, engineers, and owners through proper channels based on the workflow applied to them. This provides transparency in information transfer and makes everyone involved in the channel informed about the requested item. Once an RFI is answered and closed, the general contractor publishes it, so all participants can view the clarifications and download a PDF version of it. 

During an RFI workflow, any member can use chat sessions to make announcements, ask for or get clarifications, advice, and more with the parties involved in the RFI. You can select only the required participants for a conversation, enabling secure sharing of sensitive information only with intended persons.

This section of the guide explains how project managers of general contractors and subcontractors can create, route, answer and approve RFIs.

Read the following sections to know more about:

RFI Workflow
View RFIs
Create an RFI
Review an RFI
Set up a workflow for an RFI
Reject an RFI
Answer an RFI
Close an RFI
View and download RFIs
Chat and collaborate on RFIs
RFIs are created and distributed at various stages of the building, from the concept stage to completion. The following example explains the RFI workflow during the building phase:

Create RFI

The foremen of the subcontractor or the general contractor at the site, project managers of the GC or SC, engineers create RFIs for clarifications from the design team, for example, the architect and engineer.
RFIs typically contain a serial number, a title/description, a set of questions, and attachments like plan markups, photos, and documents.
Route RFI

RFIs pass through different people of various levels during their life cycle. The GC is responsible for defining a workflow for an RFI depending on its nature and the creator. The workflow specifies the parties to whom the RFI moves at successive levels. 

An RFI created by a foreman of an SC is routed to the PM of the SC for review, then to the GC, for further review and routing to the responsible person, like the architect or engineer.
An RFI created by the PM of the SC is routed to the GC for review and further routing to the responsible person.
An RFI created by the foreman of the GC is routed to the PM of the GC for review and further routing to the responsible person.
An RFI created by the PM of the GC is routed to the responsible person for response.
Once the response is received, the RFI is routed to the GC for review
After review, the PM of the GC approves the response and closes the RFI. The PMs of the SCs and all other participants of the RFI are notified.
The participants can download a PDF version of the RFI.  
Linarc ships with a set of predefined RFI workflow templates for you to choose from depending on your need. Your company administrator can also create custom workflows depending on your company requirements.
Answer RFI

The responder, viz. the architect or the engineer, enters their answer and can add plan markups, drawings, photos, and documents. 
Once answered, the responder submits the RFI for routing it to the GC. 
Close RFI

The GC reviews the replies from the responder and closes and publishes the RFI.
Once closed, all participants, including the creator and the responder, get notifications. 
The participants can access the RFI, view the queries/responses, and download a PDF containing all the details and content, attachments of it.
Stages of an RFI:

Draft - The RFI has been created but yet to be added with questions and saved. 
Once you add all details and questions and save the RFI, it gets automatically assigned to you. 
The RFI moves from the 'Draft' column to the 'Assigned to me' column in the RFI interface.
You can change the details, edit the questions, or add more until the RFI is in the 'Assigned to me' state. 
Only those RFIs in the 'Assigned to me' state can be processed or routed to the next step in the workflow.
Routed to GC - The RFI has been reviewed by the PM of SC and forwarded to the PM of GC. 
Assigned - The GC has reviewed the RFI and forwarded it to the consultants, architects, or engineers for a response.
Answering RFI - The RFI is waiting for a reply from the responsible entity.
Answered - The RFI has been answered by the responsible person/company and routed back to the GC.
Under Review - The response is awaiting review by the GC.
Approved - The GC has approved and closed the RFI.
Typical workflow:

The 'RFI' interface shows the RFIs created for the selected project under various stages. The project managers of general contractors and subcontractors can perform the following actions from the RFI interface.

General Contractor	Subcontractor	Architect/Engineer/Consultant
Create RFIs	Create RFIs	View details of RFIs assigned to them
Review and forward RFIs created by PM of SCs	Review and forward RFIs created by foremen of SC	Answer RFIs if they are responsible
Review and forward RFIs created by foremen of the GC	Forward RFIs to PM of GC	Forward RFI's to their juniors for clarifications
Set up a workflow for an RFI	

View details of RFIs assigned to them	

Reject an RFI from their foreman or the PM of an SC 	

Review, approve and close RFIs, for which responses are received from the responsible parties.	

The RFI interface:

Navigate to the project management console of the project
Click 'RFI' > 'RFI in Progress' on the left


The RFIs pertaining to the project are shown as tiles, in the respective status columns:

Draft - The RFIs created by you and yet to be routed.
Assigned to me- RFIs pending for your action.
General Contractor	Subcontractor	Architect/Engineer/Consultant
RFI's created by you. You can set up a workflow and forward them to the next step.
RFI's created by you. You can edit the questions or new ones and forward them to the GC.
RFI's assigned to you and pending your response
RFI's forwarded by PMs of SCs and foremen of your own company. You can review the details, edit the due dates and questions, set up a workflow, and forward them to the next step. You can also reject RFI's that need not be sent to the architect for clarification.
RFI's created by the foremen of your own company. You can review the details, edit the due dates and questions, and forward them to the GC.

RFIs returned to you after being responded to by the design team, viz. architects or engineers.


Progress - RFIs that have been created or routed by you and pending reply
Closed - RFIs that were reviewed, approved, and closed by GC
Each card shows the at-a-glance details of the RFI:



1	-	The serial number of the RFI.
2	-	The creation date of the RFI.
3	-	The title of the RFI.
4	-	The participants of the RFI, in the order of its workflow.
5	-	The contractor company that raised this RFI.
6	-	Shortcut to route the RFI to the next step.
7	-	You can mark the RFI starred. This is useful to highlight an RFI as necessary, so other participants will also be informed. Also, this allows you to filter important RFIs.
8	-	The criticality of the RFI. 
9	-	Indicates whether the RFI was completed or rejected. Applies only to closed RFIs.
10	-	Shortcuts to the questions contained in the RFI. 
Hover your mouse over a number to preview the question.
Click a tile to expand the RFI.
You can review the questions, route them to the appropriate party or answer them if assigned to you for a response.

Tip:
You can chat with the team members and the participants of the RFI at any stage. Click the button on the top right. See Chat and collaborate on RFIs for more guidance.
See the following sections to know more:

Create an RFI
Review an RFI
Set up a workflow for an RFI
Reject an RFI
Answer an RFI
Close an RFI
View and download RFIs
Chat and collaborate on RFIs
RFIs are generally created by the foremen or the project managers, depending on their needs. This page explains how a project manager of a GC or an SC can create an RFI.

Typically, an RFI consists of the following:

A serial number
Due dates for response, review, and approval
A short description
A set of questions to be clarified
Plan markups, photos, and/or documents for reference
Impacts on schedule and cost
Site location references
Create an RFI

Navigate to the management console of the project
Click 'RFI' > 'RFI in Progress' on the left
Click 'New RFI' at the top right


The RFI creation wizard starts:



RFI Title - Enter a label for the RFI, shortly describing its purpose.
Click 'Draft RFI.'
The RFI creation wizard starts:



The details page contains three tabs:

Details - Specify the category and type of the RFI, task associated, effects of the RFI on the schedule and budget, and due dates for the response, review, and approval by the responsible parties.
Questions - Post your queries to be clarified. You can attach plan markups, photos, and other file types to your questions.
Workflow - The general contractor can specify the workflow template for the RFI. The RFI moves to responsible parties in successive stages for response, review, and approval following the order defined in the workflow template.
Creating an RFI involves three steps:

Step 1 - Add details
Step 2 - Add your questions
Step 3 - Assign the RFI
Step 1 - Enter the details


Sequence - Specify the category of the RFI as classified in your company. The RFI will be numbered in a series, depending upon the category. This number lets you quickly identify, filter/review RFIs of a particular type. 
Click 'Select a Sequence'
The 'Select Sequence' dialog shows the RFI categories configured for the company.



Select the category of RFI and click 'Done.'
A serial number is assigned to the RFI in the sequence, according to the selected category.

RFI Type - The purpose of the RFI. Whether the RFI is for clarification, confirmation, missing details in the specs/plans, etc.
RFI Sub Type - The further classification of the RFI, depending on the selected type.
Location - The location of the building for which clarification is needed.
Reference - Add keywords/tags for search purposes. For example, enter the part numbers of the items on the plan drawing, for which clarification is requested. This is useful for users who search for this RFI using keywords. (optional.)
Schedule Impact - Whether the subject of the RFI affects the schedule of the project. 
Yes - Specify the scheduled task for which the RFI is generated. The default due dates for response review and approval of the RFI completion are calculated based on the planned start date of the task. You can edit the dates as required.


No - The default due date is set as 42 days from the current date. You can change the date as required.
Cost impact - Whether the subject of the RFI affects the budget or incurs extra expenses to the project. 
On-Site Date - By default, the planned start date of the associated task per the schedule. You can select a custom date using the calendar.  
Lead Time - The time required for the contractor in charge of the task to prepare for the task execution, based on the response to the RFI. For example, this may involve workshop fabrication of pre-fab structures, procurement and delivery of materials, and more, depending on the clarification. By default, the due date for the completion of the RFI is calculated by subtracting the lead time from the on-site date. 
Review Time - The time allotted for the GC to review the questions and forward the RFI to the responsible party for response.
Response Time - The time allotted for the responder, like the architect or the engineer, to provide their clarifications.
Note:
If the RFI does not affect the schedule or is not associated with a task, you can set the on-site date, lead time, review time, and response time, depending on the nature of the RFI. By default, each period is set as 14 days, and the on-site date as 42 days from the current date.
Priority - The criticality of the RFI. Choose 'High' for the RFIs to be answered quickly to avoid schedule and budget losses. 
Description - A short explanation of the RFI.
The project managers are notified whenever an RFI is assigned to them. They can review, evaluate and edit the RFI's before forwarding them to the next step:

General contractor - The PM can examine the details, due dates for the review, response, lead time, and the questions in the RFIs assigned to them.

Approve - If the RFI deserves clarifications from the design team, they can set up a workflow and forward the RFI to the design team. They can also alter the due dates, edit/refine the questions, add new questions, and remove unnecessary questions as deemed fit before forwarding.
Reject - If they can answer the RFI through other communication means like the built-in collaboration or if the RFI is not legitimate, the PM can reject the RFI. The rejected RFIs are automatically closed.
Subcontractors - The PM can examine the details, due dates for the review, response, lead time, and the questions in the RFIs assigned to them. They can also alter the due dates, edit/refine the questions, add new questions, and remove unnecessary questions as deemed fit before forwarding. 

Review an RFI

Navigate to the management portal of the project.
Select the project from the drop-down at the top left.
Click 'RFI' > 'RFI in Progress' on the left.
Click on the RFI card under 'Assigned to me' to open it.
Alternatively, click on the notification to directly open the RFI assigned to you.
The example below shows an RFI assigned to the GC PM.



From this interface, you can:

Review and edit the due dates
Review and edit the questions
Reject the RFI (General Contractor only)
Set up a workflow and forward it to the responsible party for clarification (General Contractor only)
Tip:
You can chat with the participants of the RFI at any stage. Click the button on the top right. See Chat and collaborate on RFIs for more guidance.
Review and edit the due dates
Open the RFI as explained above
Ensure you are in the 'Details' tab
Click the 'Edit'button on the top right


Edit the following details as required:
Review Time - The time allotted for the GC to review the questions and forward the RFI to the responsible party for response.
Response Time - The time allotted for the responder, like the architect or the engineer, to provide their clarifications.
Lead Time - The time required for the contractor in charge of the task to prepare for the task execution, based on the response to the RFI. For example, this may involve workshop fabrication of pre-fab structures, procurement and delivery of materials, and more, depending on the clarification.
On-Site Date - The due date for closing the RFI.  By default, this is calculated by adding the sum of the response time, review time, and lead time to the planned start date of the associated task. If required, you can select a custom date using the calendar.  
Click the 'Save'button on the top right for your changes to take effect.
Review and edit the questions
 Click the 'Questions' tab
The interface shows the list of questions added by the creator for your assessment. The attachments added to each question as shown as thumbnails. 

Click on an attachment to expand it.
Click on an attachment to download it to your device.
Click on an attachment to remove it from the question.
To edit a question

Move your mouse over the title bar of a question and click the pencil icon to edit it.


 Click 'Save' every time to save your changes.
To remove a question

Move your mouse over the title bar of a question and click the trashcan icon to remove it.


To add a new question

Click the 'Add Question' below the list of questions to add your own questions to the RFI. The process is similar to adding questions while creating a new RFI. Click here for guidance on this.
Next steps:

GC PM - Set up the workflow for the RFI and forward it to the architect/engineer for the responses. See the next section, 'Set a workflow for an RFI' for more details. 
SC PM - Click the button on the top right to forward the RFI to the GC for further routing.
The general contractor is the hub for all subcontractors, architects, engineers, and other parties involved in a construction project. Any communication between the parties can only be routed appropriately by the GC. Hence it becomes GC's responsibility to duly forward an RFI from the creator to responsible parties at successive stages of its processing, viz. review, response, and approval.

The RFI workflow template governs the routing of an RFI to respective parties at successive stages in the order. For example, an RFI created by the project manager of an SC is routed in the following order for review, response, and approval.

SC (Create) > GC (Review) > Architect (Respond) > GC (Approve and close)

The RFI workflow templates are defined at your company level by your administrator and are available for selection to apply to the RFIs you process.

This section explains how a GC PM can set up a workflow for an RFI.

You can specify a workflow for an RFI only if you are the assignee for it (listed under 'Assigned to me' on your RFI interface).
RFIs created by you are automatically assigned to you.
RFIs created and forwarded by PMs of subcontractors will be automatically assigned to you.
RFI drafts created by foremen of SCs are first routed to their PM, then to you, for initial review and defining a workflow.
RFIs created by foremen of GC are first routed to you for initial review and defining a workflow.
Set up a workflow

Open and review an RFI as explained in the previous section 'Review an RFI.'
Edit the due dates and the questions if required
Click the 'Work Flow' tab.
The 'Workflow' tab lets you configure the companies and the personnel to whom the RFI should be routed at subsequent steps for review, response, and approval throughout its life cycle.



The drop-down at the top right shows all available templates for your to choose from. After selecting a template, you can customize the actions in each step, the company and user responsible for the activity, and the due date.

Open the 'Select Template' drop-down at the top right.




The drop-down shows templates defined at your company level.

Choose a template depending on the creator and nature of the questions.
Once chosen, the remaining actions and the responsible company types in the workflow are shown as a list. 

Action Type - The activity involved. This can be 'add,' 'edit,' 'respond,' 'answer,' 'review,' etc., depending on the chosen template.
Company Type- The role of the contractor company in the project. This can be general contractor, subcontractor, architect, etc.
Company Name - The business name of the company.
Name and Role - The person responsible for the activity. The drop-down in each step shows the key persons assigned to the project from the respective GC, SC, or the architect/engineering companies with their roles.
Due Date - The target completion date of the activity. The dates are auto-populated based on the days allotted for the review, response, and preparation activities and the planned start date of the associated task. You can change the due dates for the activities as required. 
Choose the company and the person responsible for the action in each step from the respective drop-downs.
Set the due date for each activity appropriately.


Click 'Save.'
The list shows the entire workflow with its current status. 

Click the route button  at the top right to forward it to the next step
Tip:
You can chat with the participants of the RFI at any stage. Click the button on the top right. See Chat and collaborate on RFIs for more guidance.

Click the 'Save' button at the top right to save your RFI details.
You can edit the details at a later time until the RFI is in the 'Assigned to me' state. Once the RFI is routed, you cannot edit the details.

Step 2 - Add your questions
The next step is to add your queries.

Click the 'Questions' tab.


Click 'Add Question'


Enter your question in the box.
Use the tools on the top-left to format your text.
Click on the top right to add attachments like plan drawing with markups, photos, images, and/or other document files to the question:


Attach plan drawings with/without markups

Choose 'From Plans' 
The plan drawings added for the project are shown as thumbnails.

Select the plan you want to use
Create markups if required to explain the change with more details. See Markups for guidance on creating different types of markups on the plan drawing.
Click the 'Save' icon in the markup toolbar for affixing the plan drawing markup to the question.
Repeat the process to add more plan markups
Attach photos and other documents

Choose 'From Local'
Browse to the required image file and open
Add a markup on the image, if required. The process is similar to adding markups to a plan drawing. See Markups for guidance on this.  
Repeat the process to add more images or documents


Click the button to save your question.


Your question is added to the list.

Click 'Add Question' and repeat the process to add more questions.
The details and the questions you have added are auto-saved to the draft. You can edit your questions and add new questions at any time by opening the RFI from the 'Assigned to me' column in your RFI interface until you route it to the next step. Once you have routed an RFI, you cannot edit/add the questions.

To edit a question

Move your mouse over the title bar of a question and click the pencil icon to edit it.


 Click 'Save' every time to save your changes.
Step 3 - Assign the RFI
Once you have added all questions, the next step is to move the RFI to the next step.

Click the route button on the top right.
RFI created by SC - The RFI is forwarded to the GC. The GC will review the details and the questions, configure the workflow template for the RFI, and forward it to the next stage.

RFI created by GC - The GC will configure the workflow template for the RFI and forward it to the next stage. 

See the next section, 'Set a workflow for an RFI' for more details.
Tip:
Once you route an RFI, you can chat with the participants of it at any time. Click the button on the top right to start a chat session. See Chat and collaborate on RFIs for more guidance.The general contractor has the authority to decide whether an RFI is forwarded to the design team, including architects/engineers depending on their context. For example, the GC can reject trivial RFIs, or those not requiring the design team's intervention. The GC PM may use the in-built collaboration to clarify the queries by themselves.

Only the PM of the general contractor has the ability to reject the RFIs assigned to them.
The PM can decide whether to forward an RFI to the architect or reject based on their review.
The rejected RFIs are automatically closed are notified to the participants.
To reject an RFI

Open and review an RFI as explained in the previous section 'Review an RFI.'
If the RFI does not deserve to be forwarded to the architect/engineer:

Click the 'Details' tab
Click the 'Reject RFI'button on the top right
The RFI is automatically closed. It moves to the 'Closed' column of the RFI interfaces of all  participants with the status 'Rejected.'

Tip:
You can provide your clarifications through the in-built collaboration feature before rejecting an RFI. Click the button on the top right to start a chat session to respond to the queries. See Chat and collaborate on RFIs for more guidance.
In a typical RFI workflow, an RFI is assigned to the design team, namely the architect or the engineering firms, for an authoritative response.

This article explains how the party (Architect/Engineer) assigned as the responder to an RFI can provide their answers and forward the same to the next step as per the workflow. 

If required, you have the ability to delegate an RFI fully or in part to other people, like junior architects of your firm, for their response. An RFI can be routed any number of times to any persons within your organization for answers to questions relevant to them. This is useful if you want the RFI questions to be analyzed by someone with special knowledge. 
Only those staff members of your company added as project managers to the project can be delegated as additional respondents. 
The RFIs awaiting your response are shown in the 'Assigned to me' column in the RFI interface. This includes:
RFIs forwarded to you by the general contractor;
RFIs delegated by the original assignee;
RFIs returned to you after review by your junior.
You can assess the questions and provide your responses for those relevant to you, with any supporting attachments like drawings, photos, documents, etc. 
After you submit your answers, you can move the RFI to the next step:
The RFI from the subordinate responders moves back to the original assignee.
The RFI from the original assignee moves to the next step in the workflow, typically for review and closure by the GC.
Tip:
You can chat with the team members and the participants of the RFI. Click the button on the top right. See Chat and collaborate on RFIs for more guidance.
Respond to an RFI
You will get a notification once an RFI is assigned to you. 

Click the notification to open the RFI straight away
Alternatively:
Open the project management console.
Click 'RFI' > 'RFI In-Progress' on the left.
Click on the RFI card under 'Assigned to me' to open it.


Review the details.
Click the 'Questions' tab.
The list of questions in the RFI appears:



The question number links at the top let you navigate to the question you want to review/answer at any time.  

You have two choices to answer the questions:

Enter your answer
Delegate to another person, like a junior in your organization, to get the response 
Answer a question
Review the question
Click on an attachment to expand it.
Click on an attachment to download it to your device.
Click on an attachment to remove it from the question.
Click 'Add Answer' under the question you want to answer


Enter your answer in the text box. 
Use the tools on the top-left to format your text.
Click on the top right to add attachments like plan drawing with markups, photos, images, and/or other document files to your answer. Click here if you need more guidance on this.
Click the button to save your answer.
Repeat the process to answer more questions.
If the RFI is complete, click the route button on the top right to move it to the next step.

If the RFI is pending responses from other persons, delegate it to the responsible, as explained below.

Edit an answer
You can make corrections and alterations to the answers provided by you or by your juniors from the 'Questions' tab interface at any time before routing the RFI to the next stage.

Move your mouse over the title bar of a question and click the pencil icon to edit the answer.


The text editor opens for editing the answer.

Make the necessary changes and click the button to save your changes.
Assign to other staff
Prerequisite:
The person you want to add as the responder should have been added to the project as your fellow project manager. See Add off-site staff if you need guidance on adding a new member to the project.
Click the 'Forward for Review' button on the top right
The 'Select Engineer' pop-up appears:



Junior Engineer - The drop-down shows the list of employees of your organization already added to the project. Select the person to whom you want to assign the RFI.
Response Date - Select the due date within which you want the responder to submit their answer(s).
Click Submit
The RFI is assigned to the selected person. They will be able to access the RFI from their project management console and attend to it. Also, the person is added as a responder to the RFI's workflow automatically.

Click the 'Workflow' tab to view the workflow and the progress stage of the RFI.


Add attachments to your answers

Click on the top right to add attachments like plan drawing with markups, photos, images, and/or other document files to the question:


Attach plan drawings with/without markups

Choose 'From Plans' 
The plan drawings added for the project are shown as thumbnails

Select the plan you want to use
Create markups if required to explain the change with more details. See Markups for guidance on creating different types of markups on the plan drawing.
Click the 'Save' icon in the markup toolbar for affixing the plan drawing markup to your response.
Repeat the process to add more plan markups
Attach photos and other documents

Choose 'From Local'
Browse to the required image file and open
Add a markup on the image, if required. The process is similar to adding markups to a plan drawing. See Markups for guidance on this.  
Repeat the process to add more images or documents
Click the button to save your answer.
The final stage in the RFI's workflow is closing and publishing it. All participants are notified of the response. In usual practice, the general contractor closes an answered RFI in the workflow.

The RFI moves to the 'Complete' column of the RFI interface on their project management portals. 
The completed RFI's are also added to the list of closed RFIs, which can be accessed by clicking 'RFI' > 'RFI Closed' on the left. 
All participants can view the RFI in the 'closed RFI list' in their project management portal and download a PDF version of the RFI, which contains all details, questions and answers, and the workflow.
This article explains how the general contractor's project manager can review the answers from the design team and close an RFI.  

To close and publish an RFI

You will get a notification once the architect completes the answers and forwards an RFI. Based on the workflow, the RFI is automatically assigned to you.

Click the notification to open the RFI.
Alternatively:  
Open the project's management portal.
Click 'RFI' > 'RFI in Progress' on the left.
Open the answered RFI from the 'Assigned to Me' column.


Click the 'Questions' tab to review the answers from the design team and check their validity.
Click the 'Close RFI'button on the top right.
The status of the RFI changes to 'Completed.' The RFI is moved to the 'Closed' column in the RFI interface of the project management portals of all participants. All participants get a notification of the approval. They can open the RFI from their project management console to view t
The 'Closed RFI List' interface of the project management portal shows the list of completed RFI's in which you were a participant. You can download a PDF version of any RFI containing the complete details and questions and answers included in it.

Open the management console of the project.
Click 'RFI' > 'RFI Closed' on the left.


RFI Title - The subject of the RFI. Click the title to open an RFI.
RFI ID - The serial number assigned to the RFI.
Created On - The date at which the RFI was generated.
Description - A short description of the RFI as entered during its creation.
PDF - Click the file icon to download a PDF version of an RFI.
